XINFO CONSUMER command update (#2060)
redis/redis-doc: commands/xinfo-consumers.md

Returns the list of consumers that belong to the `groupname` consumer group of the stream stored at `key`.

> ## Syntax

Reviewer: Not needed

```suggestion
```

> {{< highlight bash >}}
> XINFO CONSUMERS key groupname
> {{< / highlight >}}

Reviewer: Not needed.
```suggestion
```

[Examples](#examples)

## Required parameters

<details open>
<summary><code>key</code></summary>

is name of the stream.
</details>

<details open>
<summary><code>groupname</code></summary>

is name of the consumer group.
</details>

## Return

> XINFO CONSUMERS returns a list of consumers, with these elements:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
XINFO CONSUMERS returns an @array-reply of consumers, with these elements:
```
